I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Mummy Rabbit's Bump
Peppa and George are playing
with Susie Sheep and Pedro Pony.
Here are Rebecca and Richard Rabbit.
Hello, Rebecca.
Gree, I've got a secret.
What is it?
My Mummy's got a bump in her tummy.
Woo!
Has she eaten too much?
No, there's a baby rabbit inside.
Mummy Rabbit, is there really
a baby rabbit in your tummy?
Yes. Would you like to listen to it?
Yes, please.
Can you hear a little heart beat?
Yes, I can.
It's going "Boom! Boom! Boom!".
Oh, it just moved.
Yes, sometimes babies give a little kick.
What will you call it?
I don't know.
Would you children like to think of the name?
Yes, please!
Hello, Mummy Rabbit.
Would you like a cup of coffee?
I can't have coffee,
but I am quite hungry.
Would you like carrots?
I'm a bit off carrots.
Have you got any potatoes?
Yes, we do.
Maybe a potato with jelly, and cheese,
and strawberry jam, please.
Errrr.
A potato with jelly, cheese,
and strawberry jam?
What a funny mixture of food!
We need to think of a name for the baby.
Yes. If the baby is a girl,
she'll be called Rachel Rabbit.
Or how about Rust Rabbit?
Wroxham Rabbit.
Shawn Rabbit.
I don't think so, Pedro.
Shawn Rabbit sounds wrong.
I like Rosie.
Rosie Rabbit? It's perfect.
But what if the baby is a boy?
Oh?
How about Roofers Rabbit?
Raymond Rabbit.
Michael Rabbit.
Michael Rabbit? No!
Robbie Rabbit!
Yes, Robbie Rabbit.
Thank you for the potatoes with jelly,
cheese, and strawberry jam, Mummy Pig.
My pleasure.
We thought of a name for the baby.
Rosie if it's a girl
and Robbie if it's a boy.
They're lovely names.
It's sad that the baby can't have both names.
Oh, my tummy!
It's all that funny food you've been eaten.
I don't think so, Daddy Rabbit.
The baby is coming.
Right! To the hospital!
Quickly, now! Ward pharmic!
Bye!
Bye! Good luck.
Did you pack everything on the list?
I've got it all.
Pillows, some dicty candles, yoga music,
and enough food for three days.
Ward pharmic! Ward pharmic!
Anyone in? We are having a rabbit!
Hello, sister. What are you doing here?
I'm having a baby, remember?
Oh, yes! You'd better come inside then.
Can I come too?
Moo! You'll have to park the car first.
But don't worry.
Having a baby always takes a long time.
Out of the way, everyone.
My sister's having a baby.
A canteen, and a dozen of towel.
This lot should last us a good few days.
Oh, where should I put all this stuff?
Back in the car! We don't need it now.
What?
Gree! Daddy, you missed all the excitement.
Have I? Is it a boy or a girl?
Both! We've got baby twins.
Wow!
It is the next day.
And Mummy Rabbit is home from hospital.
Hello, can we see the twins, please?
Of course, Peppa.
Are they boys or girls?
They are both. A boy and a girl.
They are called Rosie and Robbie.
So you did use both names.
Yes!
Rosie Rabbit, and Robbie Rabbit.
They are the best names in the world.
And we thought of them.